1.	First impression: When a user visits any company website an impression is created in the mind of the user and if the Web Design of the website is good then it creates good impression and this impression helps in converting a user to customer for the company.

2.	Trust: Web Design is one of the most important factor’s to garner a user’s trust as users never trust a roughly designed website. They will spend their money on only a nicely designed website. Customers trust websites that provide them up-to date information and have no glitches which is achieved using web design. 


3.	Increase Sales:The main objective of every business is to increase their sales. And to increase sales online, the company must have attractive and appealing websites to attract customers. And this can be done by web design only. Users will buy anything from any website if they like it and web designing plays a very important role to make a website look good. 

4.	Brand: A good designed websites gives users a good impression about a brand so web design helps in making a good brand value. For any user, the brands website is the first thing they see about the website and according to the website of that brand they decide the image of the brand in their mind.

5.	Visible to User:What is the use of having a website if users is not able see all its content. It is the job of a web designer to make a website in such a way that users have no problem in finding all the content of website. Therefore, having a good web design for a website is very essential. If a website is nicely designed then the user will be able to see all the details of the website.


6.	Makes a website Attractive: For any website, it is very important to attract users as there is no importance of a website if no one is seeing it. To make any website attractive, web design plays a massive role as the main use of web design is to provide good design and looks to a website.

7.	Freelancing: Web designing is used by many people for freelancing. People are able to create web designs at their own home and able to sell them to other peoples for their websites. 

8.	Learning’s: In today’s digital world, students like to learn through online portals and for every student they like to learn through sites which looks interesting to them which is created by web designing.  


9.	Marketing: For any business, the main objective for their development is marketing. For creating a good marketing, industries have to spend a large amount of money but through goodly designed websites businesses get good marketing which costs very less compared to other options

10.	User Engagement: People are attracted and engaged to things which are nice looking and good vibes. Therefore, for a website to engage users it needs good web designing as web design provides users the features and nice look that engages them. For a website it is must to have good web design for getting an users engagement.

95% people stays on a website, according to their first impression of the website. Therefore, having a good designed website is very essential. . Web Design helps business in creating good marketing at much lower cost. We all are attracted to things which are nicely designed, therefore a website with good web designing attract users which is the most important thing for a website. For every brand it is very important for them to have nice image in users mind. Therefore, Web Design hugely impacts the image of any product. 
Web Designing Course  


